update__remote_config_and_tech_support.md (#22727)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_streams/_index.md

| Runtime | Supported technologies |
|---|----|
| Java/Scala | Kafka (self-hosted, Amazon MSK, Confluent Cloud / Platform), RabbitMQ, HTTP, gRPC, Amazon SQS |
| Python | Kafka (self-hosted, Amazon MSK, Confluent Cloud / Platform), RabbitMQ, Amazon SQS |
| .NET | Kafka (self-hosted, Amazon MSK, Confluent Cloud / Platform), RabbitMQ, Amazon SQS |
| Node.js | Kafka (self-hosted, Amazon MSK, Confluent Cloud / Platform), RabbitMQ, Amazon SQS |
| Go | All (with [manual instrumentation][1]) |

## Configuration at Runtime

> To set up Data Streams Monitoring from the Datadog UI without needing to restart your application or service, use [Configuration at Runtime][6]. You will need the following prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Data Streams Monitoring from the Datadog UI without needing to restart your application or service, use [Configuration at Runtime][6]. For Configuration at Runtime to work, you need the following prerequisites:
```
